 


Title :Online Medical Passport
Group member:Amey Patil
	            Kadam Balaji
List Of Actions:
	 1)creating Pojos of Admin,Doctor and User.
	 2)Crud operation of inesert ,update for Doctors
	3)All Crud operations for  inesert ,update,Select,Delete for Admin
	4)Crud operation of select for User
	
Purpose of project:

 	This document is meant to highlight the features of OMP, so as to serve as a guide to the developers  
                  on one hand and a software validation document for the prospective client on the other.
                The Online Medical Passport (OMP) web application is intended to provide complete medical history record
                 for every single citizen using get way through the internet. It will enable the government body to maintain a single single database 
                for keeping a health record of every individual online. The user can get a medical check-up through local medical authority in the city . 
               The administration module will take care of updating,deleting and creating new user record as well as adding new medical authority in a particular area.

Scope of Project:
	This Online Passport Management System gives the information medical history single citizen using get way through internet .Doctors allowed to use new Patient 
	record or update the old patient record by updated helath check up. admin gives all authorities including delete the patient record who is no more.

Definitions:
	  OMP --> 	Online Medical Passport
	   SRS --> 	Software Requirement Specification
	   GUI---> 	Graphical User Interface
	   Portal-->    Personalized Website
	   Stackholder--> The person who will participate in the System. And Onwer of system
				Ex.   Adminstrator , User ,Doctor
	   UML--->	Software Engineering Notation for visualising System in the form diagrams
 	   SSL--->	Secure Socket Layer used for providing restricted access to application.
	  AM---->Adminstration Management.
           RDBMS -->    Relational Dadabase Management System.
	 
Additional Information:

	The system work on internet server, so it will  be operated by any end user for the to get history of medical health .This system used the doctors are updated 
           the medical history by check up .

General Description:
	The Online Medical  application helps to manage health record of every users and admins have authoritis to update the medical history 
          or delete the record from the database 

Functional Requirement:
	This section provides requirement overview of the system. Various functional modules that can be implemented by 
	the system will be-
	
	Description:
	User can registerd through Authorised Doctors Only User cannot Registerd on site by its own 
                  when he registered on web portal the Doctors fill the medical health information in user 
	login .user only show the medical history by login with his id and password doctor can updated the user data after every check up.
	Users health check up report generation will be saved in data base. and after the check up user gets Succusfull health check up msg on his Email-address.
              The term client/server refers primarily to an architecture or logical division of responsibilities, 
                  the client is the application (also known as the front-end), and the server is the RDBMS (also known as the back-end).
                  A client/server system is a distributed system in which,Some sites are client sites and others are server sites.
                  All the data resides at the server sites.
                  All applications execute at the client sites.
                


	
	

Technical Issues:
	This system will work on client-Server architecture. It will require an internet server.
	The system should support some commonly used browser such as Chrome etc.
	Interface Requirement Various interfaces for the product could be 
	1.Login Page, 

                    There will be a screen displaying information about Medical information and gives user mediacl history report afer login.

	The Doctors may select the different options which will be open in another screen as
		1.Login Page
		2.Registration Form
		3.Update Meidcal record.
		4.history of the User.
                                   5.Account  Settings
                                  
 Hardware Interface:
	The System must run over the internet,
        All the hardware shall require to connect to internet will be hardware interface for the system.
		e.g. modem,  WAN, LAN
		Specialized Server Infrastructure Hardware
        The system should use distrubuted servers i.e cloud for managing large amount of data so as to make it appear as single unit for end-user.
        The system should have proper clusters for backup.
		
 Software Interface:
	The system is on server so it requires the any scripting language like JSP.
        The system should be able to exchange data using XML, JASON or any advance technology.
	The system require DataBase also for the store the any transaction of the system like MySql .
	System also require DNS (Domain Name space) for the naming on the internet.
	http://www.mediacalpassport.in
	
        At the end-user need web browser for interact with the system.



Performance Requirement:
	There is no  performance requirement in this system, because the server request  and respone to client is totally based on internet connection of enduser.

Design Constrains:
	This system should be developed using  Standard Web Page Development Tool , which conforms GUI standards such like HTML, XML, JSON,etc.
        The system should support various RDMS and Cloud Technologies.



Non-Functional Requirements

1.Security:
	  SSL
	The System use SSL (Secure Socket Layer) in all trancations that include any confidential customer information.
	The system must automcatically log out all customers after a period of inactivity.
	The system should not leave any cookies on the customer's computer containing users's password.
	The system's back-end servers shall  only be accessible to authenticated administrators.
	Sensitive data will be encrypted  before being sent onver insecure connections like internet.
        The proper firewalls should be developed to avoid intrusions from the internal or external sources.
2.Reliability:
	The system provides storage of all databases on redundant computers with  automatic switchover. 
	The main pillar of reliability of the system  is the backup of the database 
	which is conitinously maintained and update to reflect  the most recenet changes.


3: Availability:
	The system should be available at all times.meaning the user can access it using web browser, 
        only restricted by the down time of the server on which the system runs.
        In case of a of a hardware failure or database corruption, a replacement page will be shown. 
	uptime : It mean 24 * 7 availability
	100%--------------
	99.9%
	99.999%
	99.9999%


4: Maintainability:
	A commercial database is used for maintaining the databae and application server takes care of the site. 
	The maintainability can be done efficiently.

5.Portability:
	The application is HTML and scripting language based (Javascript). So the end user part is fully portable and any system using 
	any web browser should be able to use the features of the system,including any hardware platform that is available 
	or will be available in the futuer. 
	An end-user  is used this system on an OS;either it is Windows or Linux.
	The System shall run on PC, Laptops and PDA.etc.
	The  technology should be transferable to different environments easily.

6.Accessibility:
        Only registered users should be allowed to process the orders after authentications.
        Only GUI access of the system should be permited to end users.

7.Policies:
       The system should adhere to all the legal formalities of the particular countries.
       The system should maintain security related to sensitive data.

8.Efficiency:
	The system should provide good throughput and response to multiple users without burdening the system by using appropriate number of servers.

9.Safety:
      Software should not harm ethical and environmental conditions of the end users machine.

10.Modulariy:
      The system should have user friendly interface. 
      It should be easily updated,modified and reused. 


Operational Scenario:
	User Interaction
	
	The User want to see his Mediacal health history after login and update the medical history by doctor ater every mediacl check ups. 
	
	Doctor Interaction:
	
	Mediacl Staff Interaction:
	
	Admin interaction

	
Preliminary Schedule: :

	
	1.login.
	2.Manage the users Medical history in database. 	
	3.Add or update the discription medical check up .
	4. Mangage User database.
	5.Aprrove or regect the Doctors by admin.
                  6.Logout.
	7.Visit Site
	8.Create new account
	9.View account details
	10.Delete medical History and Delete User  only authority to Admin.
	11.Registration
        1	12.Medical Team Support
        



